Say things are coming along nicely.
We've got to have top up and running and that fits nicely with our menu bar as well.
We've got our two shades and all our menu links are set up beautifully.
So in this the third video of the BBC news client We're going to be recreating essentially this box
here.
The left part with technology at the top and then bottom right we've got this big image.
So let's start as always at the top left and work our way down.
So this technology with the red underline isn't actually a link which is slightly odd but ours is not
a reason why it's to recreate.
So let's get things moving.
We're out of the menu bar to contain it.
Dave now so we're going to need a clear
so let's set that up.
And then we'll have
an idea of we'll call it main article if that's what it seems to be.
So we don't want to set a width for this main article and we want it to float to the left because we're
going to have another section on the right there which is going to float.
Right.
But the width of the whole section again is the same as the whole page.
So let's actually create a container which once again is a thousand pixels wide and scented.
So let's have a div
I'll call it page contain it because it would actually contain the whole page if we were going to write
the whole thing
so the page container is
same as what we've seen before.
Which is to say it's a thousand pixels wide and it's got a margin 0 top and bottom and auto left and
right so nice unscented
OK.
And then the main optical part is going to go on the left we'll sort out the floating and everything
else a bit later on but we'll start with an H.
We've already used H-1 so have h H-2 and that will be our technology.
So let's just have a quick look and see how that looks.
Ok fine definitely a little bit out of position there but that can be easily changed.
So to any one of them we don't need to give it a particular class.
We want to be definitely not bold a bit smaller and then red underlined.
So we'll have font white normal
on top.
Let's try 40 pixels and
let's try font size of 20 pixels.
See how that looks.
OK.
Pretty good.
So that's aligned right to the left which is what we wanted.
We were aligned with the news.
Now we want to achieve this red underline here but I think it's not actually an underline it looks more
to me like a border.
So I'm going to grab the color first of
which I think is actually the same color as we've used before.
That dark red
and then it looks quite thick so maybe four pixels.
Let's try Borda bottom for peaks solid Not quite but color with hay in front of it.
Let's take a look.
All right.
So that's pretty good.
I think it's maybe a little bit too thick.
Let's try to pixels.
OK.
That looks a lot better.
And let's set the width of the H2.
So it's about the right size.
All right Nancy.
OK.
There we go.
Great.
So now we've got our technology that's have our.
This is going to be a three link and this is going to be our title
says H-3 it's a link we don't care where it goes and there's the content.
So let's have a little look how it seems.
Ok I quite like the spacing that's about right.
We need definitely different colors.
But it's roughly in the right place.
I think we need it to be a little bit larger as well.
So let's take out H-3.
I was starting a link within H-3 and we definitely want the color to be black.
We want the font size to be around let's try 20 pixels see how that looks.
I think we could get it bigger than that
OK I like that.
I think that's about right.
And we want to get rid of that underline so text decoration.
None
OK.
Excellent.
And we also want to make sure that it goes to that blue on the cover.
So let's get the right color.
Difficult to do.
Back with.
Come on if you're not behaving today.
Maybe I can persuade.
It's not happy about that.
I can't see if I can use the inspectors.
I right click or control click.
Come on click sorry and inspect and then it might give us the hover color if we're lucky.
There we go.
I think that's it.
They're let's copy that's called phone block link Hov presumably so that looks promising
OK so we're going to start using H-3.
And then
and we wanted to be the same as above.
But with that particular color
wonderful Okay storming along.
All right now we've got this part down the left.
So I think we can use a nice paragraph for that
one to try and copy it without clicking on the link icon to that song and to inspect it
and copy it from the code.
So I think it's here in the body Basit summary
gay select.
That's
And
then let's pop that in.
So we're still in the main article here.
I think we need a div called Article summary.
And then the code let's have a look.
Great.
I wonder if we can get it to tell us the color so I'm going to click on the arrow there.
And then find the bit that I want to if I can extract the color
say that Paul Van and it's if computed.
And I think that's the Khala not quite that we.
Yeah it is the same say 5:35 a thigh of a
thing the actual size looks about right to me.
So article summary
K is color.
Is that wonderful.
Now we want to change the with a little
so let's reduce the width to let's try 200 pixels see how that looks.
That put together a little bit wider maybe 220.
I that's close enough that the spacing of that font is a little wider than ours but I think we can live
with that.
Okay.
And then underneath we've got this little timer here I can't right click and download it so I'll need
to a screen grab.
So same as usual let's go back and grab it.
There it is.
I'll call it clock copy it's command see control see.
And paste it into images.
There we.
So we just need the clock and then the date and then a line and then technology easy
say I'll do that as a paragraph
and then we'll have a new paragraph for our clock
images flash clocked up PND and then our date which was currently the 19th of January 2016
and I'll see what happens I'll try writing a pipe which should be over to the right of your keyboard.
Near the end the button will see if that looks right.
I think it might do but we might have to use a margin there.
If it's too narrow and then we've got a link
which says tech Knology
OK.
That looks pretty good.
Definitely need a bit of styling them.
We can do that without any new classes I think.
So this is all within article summary so we can have article summary and then image as any one of those
and that's the clock say let's change the height to let's try 15 pixels.
I think that's just about right.
And I want to move it down slightly it's a little bit higher up.
So let's use a relative position
and top much try three pixels too much to pixels.
Great.
Okay perfect.
Now of course we have a problem because our with with two now.
So let's increase the width of the article summary a little bit so that it can bring in the bottom part
as well.
That's great.
Okay.
And then let style link
so what color do we want it to be first off.
It's the same red as the other red I think and then on Hulver it goes the same blue.
By the looks of it as they head up that
say let's take off the underline first so text decoration.
None.
And then color that's fine that red was the same as the bottom border on the page too.
So that number should do it
that's Have a wonderful and then we just need to
change the whole show which is actually going to be the same as that but instead of H-3 we want article
summary I hava.
So now when we hope that it goes really brilliant.
I don't quite like my hyphen though.
I don't think it looks as good as that does.
It's going to be slightly trickier than just putting in a pipe but not to worry.
Let's make it a left border on the technology link
so Botha left Stephanie one pixel saw it.
And I think it's the same gray as the gray up here.
So let's scroll up and find that that was out C's
So I put that in that
have a look.
OK.
So you get that looks a lot better.
But we need to add in a little bit of padding.
Let's try 10 picks.
OK.
That looks right.
But
it's now too big let's see if it's still too big.
After we've done that OK it's not.
But we now need to add padding to that bit there.
So let's put a span with an ID of diked and that just means that we can put a little bit of padding
to the right of it so that the border there isn't flush with the 2016
date we want padding.
Right.
Let's have the same as what we had for the technology link tempy x.
OK.
I think that looks great but we do now need to make how article summary div a little wider.
Beautiful OK.
I'm very happy with all of that.
Now all we need to add for this part is the image here.
So I'm going to control click or right click and I can't even do it then.
So the image is in the CSF somewhere we could figure it out but it's probably easier or at least quicker
to just screenshot it.
Memba if you can do that for any reason then just grab it from the download in the next video.
OK.
There it is.
I'll call it main article image and then we'll copy that straight into images for them.
Get rid of that.
So this is going to be to the right of this section here.
So we're going to want to float all of that left.
So let's make that happen.
I think what we'll do is underneath technology because technology goes all the way across.
So we'll create a new device to contain the article there.
Then that's the bit that can float left for us.
So I leave technology as is and then we'll have a Dave with an ID of
article contain up
and that can guide
that and we'll indent everything inside that lovely article contained and needs to have a certain width
and it needs to float left as well and so does article summary.
So let's just make that happen.
So article summary already has a fixed width so let's make it float.
Left and then Article container
we were on that flight left and we want a fixed width let's go for maybe 600 pixels.
It's going to be a bit more than half or carry just make sure we haven't given anything too much there
yet that looks fine but a bit more spacing than we had before but that might actually work out better.
Let's put everything else in and see.
So then to the right of article summary we're going to have the image that's what we have here is say
let's just put it straight in
main article image.
There it is.
And let's just see how it looks without any styling at all.
He little bit too big.
So like give it an ID of main article image
and then let's add it up here.
So the main thing we need to do is reduce the width Let's try 300 pixels.
OK.
That actually looks pretty good.
I'm happy with that.
I think it's a bit bigger in real life.
So let's go for 400 pixels.
OK that's now too big for the container but that's all right.
We can make the container a bit wider.
OK.
I think that looks good.
Maybe not exactly the same size but close enough.
I'd like to see a little bit more gap between the image and the text down there.
So let's give it a little margin left of maybe 20 pixels OK.
You might have guessed that was going to happen.
Let's give that another 20 pixels.
Great.
So that looks pretty awesome to me.
The only thing I want to add are these two links down here a little line there.
And then our border to the right there.
OK.
So let's start our way down here so that one is actually quite easy to put in we can use a horizontal
rule and we'll do this after the technology link.
So he horizontal rule
and I think we should give it an ID.
I'll call it article AJAM.
So the main thing we need to change is the color and the width.
So the color is going to be the same as this red in technology.
Which I believe was that carry that.
And then that's OK for a width of 50 pixels.
See how that looks.
Excellent.
Couple of minor issues there.
It's centered rather than left aligned.
And it's not actually red.
So let's have a look and see if we can fix those.
Let's look at how we might align and H.R. first of
OK so we can add in a line that was left into the H.R. itself.
Let's try that out.
OK.
That solved that problem.
And let's see if we can see what's wrong.
Changing the color of an H element Yep so setting the color as we've had doesn't work.
OK so I think we need to use border color instead of color for the HRO.
So let's set it as border top as I've done this one Pick-Axe solid and then that.
Excellent.
So now it looks a lot like the one
get aligned nicely in the real thing.
Wonderful.
OK I'm just going to copy those two links so those links are pretty similar to the technology link but
they're black rather than red.
Shouldn't be a problem.
Let's put them in here sir.
I think Tref is empty again.
Clays I think we'll put them in separate paragraphs as well.
And then let's just copy and paste that for the
second link.
T.
Ok fine.
But they're inheriting those styles as well.
I think because this is a more unique link than this one we should actually give this an ID
even though we didn't need to before.
Say ID equals
let's call it a topic link because it seems to be linking to technology which is the topic that we're
looking at.
And then we want to put all of this into a topic like
that we can so that now works fine.
We just need to style these.
So I think we'll give them a class of their own as well.
I'll just call them article link
gay
and we don't need a lot of styling for them but we need to set
the color to black
and we need to set the text decoration.
None.
We've already got the right coloring on the HAVA.
So I think that's close enough.
We now just need to add the border on the right there which is the classic one X solid gray.
We're familiar with that by now.
And we're going to add that to the article container.
So border right kind of what one picks solid and
can we find the right color.
It's
the topic link.
There it is on the border left link.
Article contained a one piece solid and then that color
ok looks very good but of course it needs to be spread out a little bit so let's add a bit of padding.
Try 20 pixels.
Wonderful.
There we go.
So we're pretty darn close now.
We've got our left main block added.
So all that remains is to add.
I'll watch listen section down here on the right.
And that shouldn't be too tricky at all.
Fingers crossed.
We'll do that in the next video.
See it at.